                    WIKI FEDERATION CODE LICENSE
                            (WF-Code)

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license
document, but changing it is not allowed.


                             PREAMBLE

This license is intended to protect the work of independent creators and
developers, while providing the freedom necessary to share, modify, and use the
created content. Freedom of various kinds is required to  allow independent
developers and creators to collaborate on projects and to advance the shared
vision of effective equality between independent and corporate actors. On the
other hand, protecting their work means to honor the time and other investments
creators committed to the project of creating said content and to ensure that
their work benefits the intended actor.


                        TERMS AND CONDITIONS

    1. Scope

This license applies to various forms of digital work, including but not
limited to software and other programmed content such as MediaWiki wikitext
templates, extensions, gadgets, embedded software augmenting MediaWiki
capabilities and web applications.

    2. Redistribution

Copies of the licensed material may be obtained, free of charge, modified,
redistributed and used without restriction, given that the following conditions
are met:
    - The licensed material is properly attributed to the original author(s)
      using the following notice:
        Copyright (C) <Year> <Copyright Holder> (Licensed under WF-Code)
    - The licensed material is used exclusively for non-commercial purposes.
      Non-commercial use means use that is not intended for, or directed
      toward, the generation of profit, whether directly (through sale, fees,
      or subscriptions) or indirectly (through advertising, data monetization,
      or commercial partnerships).
        - The following legal entities, their subsidiaries and affiliates as
          well as platforms operated under their direction or branding are
          considered commercial and thus unable to receive a license under
          these terms and conditions (non-exhaustive): Fandom, Inc., TPG Inc.
        - Generating limited revenue solely for the purpose of covering
          operating costs is considered non-commercial use under this licese,
          provided that no surplus is distributed to owners, shareholders, or
          investors.

    3. Revocation and Sub-Licensing

This license is irrevocable provided the conditions stated in this document
are met. Copies of the licensed material and derived works are automatically
licensed under the same license. Derivative works may be supplemented with
additional terms or licenses as long as the terms and conditions of this
license remain unaffected.

    4. Disclaimer

The licensed material is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind,
express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement. In no
event shall the authors or copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages
or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise,
arising from, out of or in connection with the licensed material or the use or
other dealings in the licensed material.


                          ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

This license acknowledges the MIT license for providing the disclaimer.
